hello everybody and welcome to the
presentation of the 2014 engine line of
tomorrow a.m. as you can see the range
as total of seven engine to engine for
on-road 54 buggy the first engine found
on road is air 12 which is engine
designed to get the maximum power and
fuel efficiency it's a 3 port engine
ballast camshaft ceremonial bearings
there is no compromise in that field the
same as air 21-7 ports balanced
crankshaft everything the on-road line
is only dedicated to the top end so
that's why we make no compromise in the
baggie class the first engine is the 521
racing this engine is dedicated to
fulfilled all the wishes of the driver
in any condition it's a powerful engine
that can help you to win anywhere then
you have the factory line the factory
line is a evolution of the racing line
with more power and better fuel
efficiency first engine the 321 Factory
has been specially tuned to get more
bottom end and also little bit more fuel
efficiency then the second engine the
521 is a five spot engine this one is
the best of our line it has no
compromise is the engine that you need
if you want to get the maximum speed of
your car the neck next one and not the
latest is a RS edition eros edition has
been developed by our European team to
increase the drivability on smooth and
slippery condition the result has been
amazing as we make one and two at the
latest European Championship in France
then to finish you have the 522 this
engine is a seven-part specially
dedicated to the troika category in
class you need a maximum of power and
this is what you're going to get with
that engine